All right. listen up!
We have an unknown
number of hostages being held
in a local militia compound.
Once we're on the ground.
we'll secure a vehicle
and get the hostages out.
Bravo nest. you provide cover.
Received?
Heard and understood!
Good.
Nest bravo. Clear.
Extraction is moving.
They're in.
- This is extraction.
- Fifteen hostages inside.
All shackled.
Estimated completion. three minutes.
The op is compromised!
Hostile down. More incoming.
We're on your fire! We're on your fire!
Extraction not complete.
We need backup!
Bravo's coming
inbound to secure retreat.
Where's our helo?
Fifteen clicks away!
Second helo. twenty clicks away!
Our position is compromised!
We need to pull back.
Where's that ground vehicle?
Ground support delayed!
We're pinned down!
Ground vehicle's almost there!
Bravo's reached the compound.
Go! Go now!
Let's go. move forward. Let's go!
Get the hostages out!
I'll meet you at the rendezvous!
Copy. Let's go!
Extraction's clear. Hostages are safe.
Bravo. get back to the chopper. now!
Copy.
Bravo. do you copy?
Who is this?
Listen. there are more
hostages headed towards you.
I'm a mile out. What're
they doing out here?
It doesn't matter.
You've got one seat in the chopper.
Choose one of the hostages. One!
Prioritize any Americans.
Go!
Hey.
It's okay.
What's your name?
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Come here.
You're safe.
You're safe now.
Wait!
- Wait. please! Please! Please...
- whoa. whoa. whoa! Hey!
Please take me with you!
I'm an American citizen. Please!
Choose one of the hostages.
One!
I really enjoy my role.
I'm just looking for opportunities
to grow within the organization.
That's terrible.
I like working downstairs.
but I wanna get back
into the field because...
because I have a strong
skill set for operational work.
Come on.
How long were you special forces?
Two years.
Why'd they pull you from the field?
I was just assigned
to a desk job one day.
No one ever told me why.
And you've been an intelligence analyst
at the orphanage for two years. correct?
That's right.
Public cover story is you're a researcher
at the essex library. yes?
That's correct.
And now you work downstairs
in our North Korean
surveillance program. yeah?
Yes. I'm an analyst.
but that's why I'm here
interviewing for operation Poseidon.
I believe my skill sets
are more than just listening
and translating conversations.
Sounds like you don't
like your job very much.
I just think I can do more
than what I've been allowed to do.
I wanna be an upstairs field operative.
The upstairs watches
the other clandestine organizations
and internal affairs.
Some people would have a problem
with that kind of work.
You?
I just want to know
that what I do for my country matters.
We'll be making our decision soon.
One more thing.
I saw something on your DoD file
about a panic attack you suffered
shortly after a mission in Belarus?
Wait! Please! Please... please help me...
One time thing?
Please. get me out of here! Please!
Yeah.
Never happened again.
Due to construction.
this train is being temporarily held
at the Cole street station while we wait
for the eastbound dupont circle train
to clear the platform.
This will be a temporary delay.
Please refrain from
exiting the train at this time.
Then the migraine just
went away. It was instant.
Interesting. Yeah. it's something about
the signals being blocked.
- Yeah. the electromagnetism.
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
Or maybe you're one of those people
- who's super sensitive.
- Maybe.
Hey. do you guys
remember our friend. rogan?
- So. what's crazy...
- Traveling a lot...
Yeah. it's... it's been insane. You know...
and then I have to plan
my dad's seventieth birthday...
I should probably get going.
- Aw. no. really?
- No...
- hey. stay awhile.
- Thank you for this.
It was nice.
We'll probably all go soon. too.
Yeah. For sure.
- All right. Bye. guys.
- See ya. buddy.
- Take care.
You know. if you're into her.
you could always send over a drink.
That's my ex-fiancée.
Well...
yeah.
Now I got to hear the story.
Those are the. friends we
made together as a couple.
I still think they haven't taken a side.
One of them got a text.
I assumed it was my ex
asking what they were up to.
and I figured she wouldn't join
if she knew that I was here. so...
I left.
That's noble.
Then you stuck around
and made it less noble.
I guess I just wanted to
see if I was right. you know?
You know. it's funny. My
dad used to work homicide.
He...
well. he was very obsessive. actually.
He had the highest clearance rate
in the entire precinct.
His buddies always thought
he was trying to show them up.
But they didn't get it.
No.
No. he wasn't competing with them.
Exactly.
He was trying to prove
something to himself.
Because that's the voice
that keeps you up at night.
Yeah. something tells
me you understand that.
On the house.
Michelle.
Alexander.
See ya around.
I'd expect a former sniper
to be better at hiding in a crowd.
- I didn't see you slip out.
- I know.
They think I'm in the bathroom.
I figured you were almost out.
How have the panic attacks been?
Manageable.
Still unpredictable.
They also said inside you
started having migraines?
- Wow. came up quick?
- When did the migraines start?
I don't know. doctor kasperian.
Two months ago. maybe?
Everything okay?
It's just some stress at work. okay?
That's all.
Your work at the research library?
Where you can't let them
know that you have panic attacks
for which you take
anti-anxiety medication?
Someday you'll meet someone
you can truly be yourself with.
Jealous of her already.
This is the last time.
Find another way to get the pills.
Or. you know. actually talk to someone
about all the stuff you
don't ever talk about.
Briefing's been moved up.
Something went wrong with the asset.
I may need to forward you all the sigint
in case this doesn't get
wrapped up before I have to go.
You're going upstairs.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm running point
on intelligence for Poseidon.
Congratulations.
I didn't realize they had
made their choices already.
Shit. you applied too.
Listen. you're one of
the better analysts here.
And you being first-generation American.
it just adds slightly more
risk. statistically-speaking.
I'm just sayin' how it is.
No. no. It's...
it's nice to hear someone
say it out loud for once.
Anytime.
That was from choi's phone last night.
His body was found outside
Pyongyang this morning.
This was a targeted kill.
They discovered he was working with us.
Our intel chain is compromised.
And upstairs has taken
on direct oversight.
The tachyon program
is being shut down.
Also. you should know
that upstairs is triggering a review
of all personnel in this room.
Why are we getting reviewed?
Because we've lost three
assets in North Korea
in the past four months.
So. either our communications
has been hacked
in some new. undetectable way...
Or someone's turned on us.
This is an upstairs problem now.
If someone here is compromised.
they probably already know who it is.
So. I wouldn't worry about it.
Unless you worked on all three assets.
The router's clear.
So was his laptop.
Yeah. we're combing through his phone.
but so far. nothing.
Migraine's back?
If choi had been hacked.
my teams would've been able to tell.
What if it's something experimental?
This isn't your problem
to solve. Alexander.
You did your job. I
wouldn't worry about it.
All three assets had different operators.
different collection
methods. different schedules.
The only thing they had in
common was the orphanage.
And you had access to all three files.
The directors. the tachyon team leader.
and one analyst. Me.
Now you just sound paranoid.
If they were looking into
me. how would I know?
I just analyze signals. Alexander.
I am the wrong person
to ask about intrigue.
I'm sure it'll all be fine.
You get some rest. I'm
sure you'll feel better.
Bravo. there are more
hostages headed toward you.
Prioritize any Americans.
Wait! Wait! Please!
Choose one of the hostages.
One!
Sorry.
My fault.
Guess who almost ran me over?
Yeah. I saw.
What's he doing now?
Writing the post-assessment report.
He's trying to act like
everything's normal?
As soon as he's done. shut him down.
Copy that. ma'am.
Hey. What's goin' on?
We're headed home.
Make sure you leave all your files.
Anybody who worked
on tachyon is on hold
until we're all cleared.
Nothin' to worry about. Just routine.
Precision! Precision.
And focus!
They're not gonna remember the wait.
They will remember the bite.
Well. get to work.
It's good. Victor.
Fuck you. "it's good." It's superb!
"Good."
How's... how's the game?
It carries on without you.
How dare it.
Do you ever miss it?
Not even a little bit.
And constantly.
You know. when most people retire.
they don't immediately take another job.
Retirement's not for
people in our line of work.
Too much silence and
the mind starts to wander.
So...
What's up?
Personal life? Work? What?
Work.
And how are our mutual friends doing?
They're worried about
a potential problem
inside the house.
I see.
That's a unique problem for them.
There are things you need to know
about the place you work.
No. I... I already know about upstairs.
I know we watch the other agencies.
Yeah...
but have you figured
out how far they'll go?
Listen to me. I was there.
I was in Washington. I
was in the white house.
In a private back room
when this idea was born.
that the watchmen needed a watcher.
Hidden from the normal
chain of command.
At that time. there was a real concern
about the power of the
intelligence community.
And so. she built the
orphanage. from the ground up.
You're talking about...
St. George?
I thought she was just a legend.
No. she's real.
Hiding in plain sight. And. yeah.
she fashioned the
upstairs as internal affairs.
but think about what that means.
If you compromise them.
you compromise ev...
you compromise
everyone they're watching.
Yeah. you got the whole deck.
And every single American
intelligence agency
would be at risk.
So. how far would they go?
They cannot tolerate betrayal.
They will not hesitate
to remove liabilities.
permanently.
And if they were looking into me.
how worried should I be?
Are you... are you sure?
Well then. I would think about
taking a long trip. far. far away...
unless running made me
seem guilty. which I'm not.
- No. no. no. It... it's...
- there's no due process here!
If they suspect that you're
compromised. you're dead!
Alexander. I've known
you your whole life.
and I know the struggle that
your parents imparted to you
to prove you can be trusted here.
Now you have to choose
between your allegiance...
And your life.
So. what's the weather like up there?
It's supposed to rain tomorrow.
Hey. have you told him already?
- Did you tell him?
- How? He never calls.
- What? Told me what?
- I'm...
I'm driving in the veterans day parade
in honor of you.
I wrote 'em a letter and told 'em about...
What your service meant to our family.
and just how proud we are of you.
- That's great.
- Yeah.
Hey. listen...
I'm gonna be doing
some traveling for work.
It might be a while
before I see you again.
And I know I don't say this enough. but...
English. please. Alexander.
I love you.
You gave me everything I needed.
We love you too. honey.
Bye.
They found the leak.
Okay.
Our asset turned on us.
And based on a suggestion in
Alexander's post-assessment.
upstairs looked at certain
channels inside the ssd.
Now. the working theory
is that choi got cold feet
about betraying his country.
gave up the other two
assets to barter for his own life.
Of course. they killed him. too.
Mystery solved.
There'll be a formal report down the line.
but for now. at least we know
the operational chain
is not compromised.
Sir. all these data sources
have been redacted.
That is correct.
How do we know for sure
that this intel can be trusted?
Someone could be
trying to cover their tracks.
Upstairs is very confident
in their findings. Okay?
You'll all get new
assignments next week.
and godspeed to whoever
Cobb's in charge of on Poseidon.
Alexander. hold up a second.
You are headed upstairs.
You report right away.
What's "claymore"?
I have no idea.
But apparently. it comes from the top.
so I guess your post-report
impressed somebody.
But my report never suggested
that choi could've flipped on us.
No. but you told us where to look.
and we found the evidence that he did.
Sir.
choi reported to us
on everyone in that lab.
Including the other two assets.
If he had known that
they were working with us.
why would he have wasted
time reporting on them?
Clearly. he didn't know.
So. how could he have
been the source of the leak?
Are you saying upstairs got it wrong?
Or there's something we missed.
Or our counterparts have a new way
of gathering information
and we're already behind the curve.
If upstairs isn't worried about it.
then they know something that we don't.
And I'd learn to live
with that if I were you.
Look. Alexander. this...
Is a good thing.
Okay?
Ellie. Hi.
I'll be your admin support for claymore.
Alexander. Nice to meet you.
Are you charming?
Don't be charming. I don't
have time for an office crush.
Sorry.
We're headed to the eisenhower wing.
What's that?
It's brand new. Don't touch anything.
Welcome to upstairs.
This is claymore.
You'll run operations.
Director moira is handling
intelligence personally.
Start reading. You are behind.
We're valid-testing a source
to see if their intel can be trusted.
Who's the source?
Codename is mosiac.
This has got to be something big.
Congratulations to us all.
Bravo. do you copy?
Who is this?
Listen. there are more
hostages headed towards you.
You've got one seat in the chopper.
Choose one of the hostages.
One!
Prioritize any Americans.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Wait!
Wait. please! Please! Please!
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Hey!
Please take me with you!
Please!
- Help me!
- I can't!
I only have room for one.
- Help me. please!
- I'm...
I... I... I'm... I'm an American citizen!
I can't leave him.
Please! Please help me get out of here!
I'm sorry. There's another
helo inbound. okay?
Just follow the tree line!
No. they'll kill me! Please!
Take him!
There's more people
back there! Americans!
Okay. we're sending
the other helo down.
What's on your mind. cowboy?
How many times have
you said that to a customer?
Lots.
But this time I really mean it.
What's going on? Bad day?
I got a promotion at work.
It's. like. everything I ever wanted.
Wow. yeah. that sounds awful.
Yeah. but when was the last time
everything in your day went exactly right?
Lucky breaks happen
for people all the time.
But you feel guilty
'cause you think you don't deserve it.
Which you don't.
You don't deserve the lucky breaks.
You don't deserve the shitty ones. either.
The trick is just...
Figuring out how to accept
that it just happened to be you.
Wow.
You are very good at your job.
I know.
Now go. Enjoy your life. Get out of here.
Please just help me get out of here!
I'm... I'm an American citizen. please!
Don't leave me!
Please. don't leave me!
Something wrong?
Hey. weird question.
Do you like to travel?
I... I... I've never left the country.
but I've always thought
that I would like to.
You know. see the world.
You?
I used to travel a lot.
Well...
Call me sometime.
You can tell me where I should go.
Bravo. do you copy?
There are more hostages
headed towards you.
Whoa. whoa. hey. hey!
You've got one seat in the chopper.
Choose one of the hostages.
Choose one.
Come on. you're safe.
I only have room for one.
Whoa. whoa. hey. easy!
Please! Please! Please. help me!
I'm... I'm an American citizen. please!
Please take me with you! Thank god!
First of all. I can't take anymore.
- There's no room.
- What?
I only have room for one.
Please take me!
I can't leave him. I'm sorry.
They'll kill me! Please!
Thank you.
Alexander.
Hi.
Hey.
I didn't see you scan in.
Do you need anything?
I'm good. Thanks.
Shit.
P-Punch in on his screen.
I thought we redacted this file.
I need director moira. Now.
Send in Ellie to interrupt him.
That's too obvious.
We have to let him finish.
All right. we have visuals.
Checking audio.
Does he know?
He didn't figure it out. We're good.
Or it's an act.
Either way. get a wet
team to his apartment.
Nobody in or out.
Pull the briefing into the cage.
I only want him in there.
Tell Remy to be in the library.
If this guy bolts...
We put him down.
- Hey.
- Gonna grab a coffee.
I will get it for you.
I don't mind. You want anything?
Nope.
The coffee cart's the other way.
Where's he going?
He's headed for the elevator bank.
Is he going to the ground floor?
Yes. sir.
Remy. are you there?
I'm in position.
Intercept him. please.
Make it discreet.
Understood.
Everyone wait!
He'll come back.
He's heading back.
Where is she right now?
Ma'am?
We have a problem.
What are you doing back down here?
You were right.
I was being paranoid.
And it was starting to affect my work.
I'm not gonna let it anymore.
Just wanted to thank you for your advice.
I hope we get to work together again.
Me. too.
Ready for the secure briefing?
This way.
Briefing's in the cage
now. You ever been?
Complete signal blackout.
It's where I go to
meditate. You will love it.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. just a... a bad migraine.
Have fun.
How long have you willingly
been committing treason
against the United States government?
- What?
- How many months?
Zero.
Then why stuff a pistol in a book
and leave it in the library?
Why would you run if you're innocent?
Because you're still watching me.
How long ago did they hack you?
You're telling me it's real?
You thought it was
real enough to write that
without your own
eyes and ears knowing?
I had to assume it was
true until I was sure.
Here you are on Monday.
We checked everyone
else in the building.
You're the only one with this.
That's a Wi-Fi signal
streaming from your head.
Microscopic nanites in your bloodstream
attaching to the receptors in your brain.
broadcasting everything
you see and hear.
Someone's been watching
and listening through you.
You're the mole. Alexander.
I didn't know.
In this room. the signal is blocked.
This is a chance to save your own life.
Did they approach you after it happened?
Or were you in on it from the beginning?
- You can be honest.
- No.
I would never knowingly
betray my own country.
Let's pretend you're telling the truth.
and you didn't know until
you read that report today.
Then you spent...
Forty-seven minutes
reading other reports
before you disposed of all the materials?
If you thought you were hacked.
why did you keep reading?
Because if I was right.
then they were watching.
If I changed my behavior in any way.
then they would know.
I had to convince whoever
was on the other side
- that I didn't suspect it.
- Why?
Because the most
valuable thing in intelligence
is a line to the enemy.
If they think the hack
is still undiscovered.
we can use that.
Look. I understand
that I might not walk out of this room.
All I ask is that you tell my parents
that I worked in clandestine services
and I was killed in the line of duty.
That would mean a great deal to them.
Thank you for your time.
- Did you believe him?
- Yes.
Because he said exactly
what I wanted to hear.
Exactly.
So. either we got lucky
and they hacked the
perfect person for us.
or he's in on it.
Where'd the name "hale" come from?
It was "han" originally. right?
My parents...
Arrived here before I was born.
They fought very hard to fit in
and so they decided to
change our family name.
To sound more American.
It's uncommon for Chinese immigrants
to let go of their family name.
Staying under the radar...
you don't have to say.
We have three questions
that need to be answered.
If you knew you were innocent.
why'd you go back and look at the files?
Because it matters to me
whether or not my
country thinks I'm a traitor.
I have some questions. too.
The bartender.
One of ours.
Was she a part of a test on me?
A... a Copenhagen test?
It appears so.
Why was the test ordered on me?
We don't know.
It wasn't us.
But someone at the
department of defense
had some doubts about you. apparently.
Is that why I was pulled from the field?
That's why I would've
pulled you from the field.
Did the orphanage hack me?
No.
Was your plan to use me
and not tell me what was happening?
Yes.
If you didn't know you were hacked.
you could never mess up
and give the game away.
Not really an option now?
Far as I see it. we have two choices.
We can either get you to safety
and attempt to remove
what's in your brain.
but you would be done
with intelligence forever.
Or we keep the hack open.
Yeah. That.
You see and hear what we want you to.
From this moment
forward. your life is mine.
Every single person you
know. or love. or meet.
will become part of our game.
No quitting. no retiring.
If we don't succeed.
you'll be dead.
You're not gonna have time
to figure out if you trust us.
And. unfortunately.
I don't have time to
figure out if I trust you.
Which leads me to my second question:
Do you know why we don't have time?
Because a standard briefing
runs around thirty minutes.
And if I'm blacked out for too long.
whoever's on the other side
will start to get suspicious.
Which gives us about.
three minutes.
So.
last question:
Are you in?
We'll have to communicate
with you out in the open.
Sending you messages and instructions
in ways the enemy won't suspect.
You'll feel yourself questioning
whether what you're experiencing
is real or not. Don't.
It'll make you crazy. Just accept it all.
Only key personnel will
know the truth about you.
Everyone else here believes
that claymore is an actual operation.
The first step is to figure
out how this happened.
That'll tell us when it started
and how much intel
has been compromised.
Alexander.
What're you doing up here?
New assignment.
- Which is?
- Claymore.
Claymore.
Can't say much more than that yet.
Until then.
stick to your routine.
Nothing to arouse suspicion
or make them think
anything has changed.
We need whoever is watching
to think that you are in the clear now.
We need them to relax.
Then we use you to find
them and destroy them.
Too thin.
So. about your text earlier.
The situation resolved itself.
There was a secure briefing.
They're convinced the
problem in the house
wasn't anyone they knew.
Good. Good.
But stay alert.
Nothing is ever entirely as it seems.
especially in that place.
And if anything ever comes up.
you know you can tell me.
Always.